Use really simple identifiers (#2016)
oasis-tcs/odata-specs: odata-csdl/15 Identifier and Path Values.md

Non-normatively speaking it starts with a letter or underscore, followed
by at most 127 letters, underscores or digits.

For maximum interoperability services SHOULD use simple identifiers

> consisting only of latin letters, the underscore, and decimal numbers,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
consisting only of letters from the ASCII charset, the underscore, and decimal digits,
```
The Latin alphabet did not have the letters J, U, W.

Author: We use Unicode terminology here, see https://www.compart.com/en/unicode/U+004A, https://www.compart.com/en/unicode/U+0055, https://www.compart.com/en/unicode/U+0057

> that is match the pattern `^[_A-Za-z][_A-Za-z0-9]*$`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that is, match the pattern `^[_A-Za-z][_A-Za-z0-9]*$`.
```
